Place all ingredients in a bowl or jar.
Proportions of ingredients are approximately equal amounts; more or less will not hurt.
Let sit for a day, stirring occasionally until the juices are mixed and plums are rehydrated and soft.
Makes a sweet, salty,sour, goopy mess that is usually served in a baggy for kids to eat with their fingers.
Brown hamburger and sausage with onion, garlic, and all seasonings.
Meanwhile, prepare the pasta per pkg instructions.
In a large pan, combine all ingredients.
Add enough tomato sause until mixture is well coated, but no soupy.
When well mixed, pour into greased and covered casserol dish and bake at 350F for 1hr.
Remove cover for the last 15 minutes.
Then enjoy.
Brown onions, and beef in oil.
Stir in garlic, pork, chiles, cumin, oregano, salt, dry mustard, tomato sauce, tomatoes, tequila, beer, chili powder and bouillon cubes.
Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer 2-3 hours.
Stir occasionally.
Do not stir the last 30 min before serving.
Sprinkle grated cheddar and/or mozzarella cheese if you'd like.
STEP  1: Cover the bottom of a cookie sheet with rolls to make a crust.
Bake at 350 degrees for 8-10 min.
or until light brown.
Cool 10 minutes.
STEP 2: Mix ingredients (except vegetables and cheese) until smooth.
Spread over cooled crust.
STEP 3: Finely chop vegetables and spread on cream cheese topping.
Sprinkle with cheese.
Heat oven to 350F.
Combine graham cracker crumbs, powdered sugar and butter.
Press into bottom of an 8-inch springform pan.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, eggs, sugar and vanilla until smooth.
Pour mixture over prepared crust.
Bake at 350F for 50 minutes (until center is set).
Remove from oven and spread sour cream on top of cake.
Return to oven and bake an additional 5 minutes.
Remove from oven and allow to cool.
Spread desired topping on cheesecake.
Chill overnight.
Before serving, carefully remove sides from pan.
NOTES : To minimize cracking, place a shallow pan half full of hot water on lower rack of oven during baking.
Be sure sour cream is room temperature when you spread it on.
Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in order.
Set "baking control" at 11 o'clock.
Select "white bread" and push Start.
In hot, humid weather, use only 1-1/8 c water.
Tested in DAK 1-1/2 lb R2D2 bread machine.
Mix rice, chana dal, urad dal, and yellow split peas in a large vessel.
Soak in a lot of water for about 2 hours.
Grind the soaked mixture with chili powder and salt coarsely, without adding much water.
Ferment for about 3 - 4 hours, then refrigerate or freeze.
In cold weather, the fermenting process might take longer, and it might be a good idea to ferment in an oven (the pilot light will keep the mixture warm).
Add either onions (finely cut), carrot (grated) or coconut before preparing.
Combine milk and egg yolks.
Sift together dry ingredients and add to milk/egg mixutre.
Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into mixture.
Heat aebleskiver pan and put about 1 tsp oil in each cup of the pan.
when very hot, pour enough batter in each cup to almost fill it.
Use knitting needle (or any pointed tool) to turn aebleskivers.
Keep turning them until golden brown.
Add shortening as needed for each new batch.
Makes about 3 dozen.
Cut the prosciutto and pancetta into small pieces and remove the casing from the sausages.
Using a meat grinder, grind together the prosciutto, pancetta, and sausages.
Place the ground meat in a crockery or glass bowl, add the butter and eggs, and mix very well with a wooden spoon until the butter is completely incorporated.
Add the bread crumbs and Parmesan, and season with salt and pepper.
Cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before using.
When ready, bring the broth to a boil in a large pot over medium heat.
Meanwhile, place a large skillet with the butter over low heat.
When the broth reaches a boil, start shaping the meat mixture into tiny meat balls; a heaping tablespoon of mixture will be enough to prepare several.
Make sure the meat balls are solid with no holes inside.
Drop the balls into the boiling broth a few at a time, and as they rise to the top, tansfer them with a slotted spoon to the skillet containing the butter.
When all the meat balls are cooked and in the skillet, add the mascarpone and heavy cream.
Mix very well and simmer for 1 or 2 minutes, or until the mascarpone is completely dissolved.
Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg.
Mix very well, then transfer to a warmed serving platter.
Serve immediately, with some Parmesan on the side.
Add ingredients to machine according to manufacturer's directions.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Generously butter a shallow six cup casserole or a large long shallow pan.
Line pan with one layer of bread slices.
Heat the heavy cream over moderately low heat until hot but not simmering.
Beat the eggs with the sugar until well combined.
Slowly add scalded cream and beat until mixture thickens.
Pour custard mixture over bread slices.
Set casserole in a pan of hot water and bake for 45 minutes.
Edges should be set and the center should be a bit runny.
(The custard will continue to cook after it's removed from the oven.) Remove casserole from water bath and cool on rack.
Serve at room temperature or chilled.
Serves 8.
1.
Combine the flours, sugar, and baking powder, and stir to mix well.
Use a pastry cutter to cut in the margarine or butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal.
Stir in the egg whites and the vanilla and almond extracts.
Fold in the almonds.
2.
Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface, and shape into two 9 x 2 inch logs.
Coat a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray, and place the logs on the sheet, leaving 4 inches of space between the logs to allow for spreading.
Bake at 350 degrees for about 25 minutes, or until lightly browned.
3.
Cool the logs at room temperature for 10 minutes.
Then use a serrated knife to slice the logs diagonally into 1/2 inch thick slices.
4.
Place the slices on an ungreased baking sheet in a single layer, cut side down.
Bake at 350 degrees for 18 to 20 minutes, or until dry and crisp, turning the slices after 10 minutes.
5.
Transfer the biscotti to wire racks, and cool completely.
Serve immediately or store in an airtight container.
In a large bowl with mixer at medium speed, beat cream cheese, cheese spread with pimento and blue cheese until smooth.
With spoon, stir in green onions and worcestershire sauce.
Cover and refrigerate about one hour.
On work surface, with hands, shape cheese mixture into shape of large pine cone.
Arrange on wooden board.
Beginning at narrow end of cone, carefully press almonds about 1/4 inch deep into cheese mixture in rows, making sure that pointed end of each almond extends at a slight angle.
Continue pressing almonds into cheese mixture in rows, with rows slightly overlapping, until all cheese is covered.
Garnish pinecone with pine sprigs.
Serve with crackers.
1.
Prepare the sweetened water.
2.
Blanch almonds.
Place half of them in a blender with water and blend to a smooth paste.
3.
Strain mixture into a bowl through a double thickness of cheesecloth.
Gather up corners of the cheesecloth and squeeze out every last drop of liquid; then discard residue.
4.
Repeat this process with remaining almonds and the second quantity of water.
5.
Break agar-agar in 1-inch sections and place in a saucepan with remaining water.
Bring to a boil, stirring, and cook until agar-agar dissolves and begins to thicken.
Then stir in almond liquid and cook 1 minute more.
6.
Pour the mixture into a shallow rectangular pan.
Let cool; then refrigerate until set.
Cut in 1/2-inch cubes or diamond shapes.
7.
Transfer to a deep serving dish.
Serve with enough sweetened water poured over so almond cubes float.
Garnish with slivered almonds, fresh strawberries or canned fruit such as mandarin orange sections, pineapple chunks, lichees or fruit cocktail.
Topping: Spread a 9-inch tube pan with soft butter in an even thick layer on bottom and 2/3 way up the sides.
Pat almonds evenly over butter.
Sprinkle brown sugar on bottom.
Cake: Combine brown sugar with cake mix and prepare according to package directions.
Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake in 325 degree oven 1 hour or until golden brown.
To remove cake, invert on serving plate.
Serve cold.
Preheat oven to 350F.
In top of double boiler, combine condensed milk, chocolate and salt.
Cook over rapidly boiling water; stirring often, for 5 to 7 minutes, or till until mixture thickens.
Remove from heat and stir in vanilla and coconut.
Form cookies by dropping teaspoons of mixture on well greased baking sheet, 1" apart.
Top each with a whole almond.
Bake on middle sheet of oven for 10-12 minutes, watching cookies carefully after 8-9 minutes,as the bottom can get too brown.
Immediately remove cookies from pan with metal spatula and cool on wax peper covered rack.
Grease and flour cookie sheet.
Tap off excess flour.
Break up paste into blender.
Add egg whites, salt and vanilla and beat at low speed until smooth.
Slowly add sugar and continue to blend until dough forms.
Place rounded spoonful onto greased cookie sheet and bake at 325 for 20 minutes.
Yield: 36 Cream butter and sugar, add egg yolk and vanilla.
Stir in flour.
Spread mixture thinly on greased cookie sheet.
Bake at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes.
Melt chocolate over hot water and spread over warm baked cookies.
Sprinkle on nuts and press them firmly.
Cut in bars while still warm.
Let stand until chocolate is dry.
For all recipes, load ingredients into breadmachine pan according to manufacturer's directions.
Bake on white bread setting unless otherwise indicated.
"Yeast" refers to active dry yeast.
Delayed timer mode okay.
This recipie looks very similar to one found in: "Classic Liqueurs; The Art of Making and Cooking with Liqueurs" by Cheryl Long and Heather Kibbey.
Combine sugar and 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan.
Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
Reduce heat and simmer until all sugar is dissolved.
Remove from heat and cool.
In an aging container, combine apricot halves, almond extract, grain alcohol with 1/2 cup water, and brandy.
Stir in cooled sugar syrup mixture.
Cap and let age for 2 days.
Remove apricot halves.
(Save apricot halves, as they may be used for cooking).
Add food coloring and glycerin.
Stir, recap and continue aging for 1 to 2 months.
Re-bottle as desired.
Liqueur is ready to serve but will continue to improve with additional aging.
Wash fruit.
Cut grapefruit into 8 wedges and orange and lemon into 4 wedges.
Then cut wedges crosswise into thin slices; save juice.
In 6 quart kettle, combine all fruit, fruit juice and 1 1/2 quarts water.
Bring to boiling; boil rapidly, uncovered for 30 minutes or until peel is tender.
Measure fruit mixture; return to kettle.
Add 1 cup sugar for each cup of fruit mixture.
Bring to boiling, stirring, until sugar is dissolved; boil rapidly, stirring frequently 30 minutes or until mixture is thick and reaches jellying point.
Meanwhile sterilize 8 jelly glasses by boiling them 20 minutes.
Keep in hot water until ready to fill.
Lift out with tongs.
Remove marmalade from heat.
Ladle immediately into hot, sterilized glasses, filling to within 1/2-inch of top.
Cover immediately with 1/8-inch of hot paraffin.
Let glasses stand overnight or until cool.
Cover glasses with metal lids.
Makes 7 or 8 glasses.
*To test for jellying point: dip a large metal spoon into boiling syrup; tilt spoon so syrup runs off edge.
Syrup is at jellying point when it doesn't flow, but divides into 2 drops that run together and sheet from the spoon.
Bring broth to a boil and thicken with roux.
(Add more roux to desired gravy thickness) Remove meat from cooked neck and liver and gizzard.
Chop meat and add to broth.
Add eggs, parsley and pimento and season to taste.
Makes about 2 quarts gravy.
Warm liquids to 80 to 100 degrees.
Place ingredients into breadmaker per machines instructions.
Use the sweet mode cycle.
Yield 1 med loaf.
Drain all fruit juices into a saucepan.
Add sugar, egg substitute & cornstarch.
Stir together & cook on medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick.
Cook macaroni according to package directions.
Drain & combine hot macaroni & sauce.
Cool at least 4 hours.
Fold in drained fruit & Cool Whip.
IN LARGE SAUCEPAN COOK CELERY, ONION AND GARLIC STILL SOFT ABOUT 4 MIN.
ADD CHILI POWDER AND CUMIN; COOK, STIRRING ONE MINUTE.
ADD WATER AND BRING TO BOIL.
ADD LENTILS REDUCE HEAT, COVER AND SIMMER 20 MINUTES.
ADD TOMATOES AND THEIR JUICE, TOMATO PASTE, CHOPPED GREEN CHILIES, SALT AND PEPPER.
COVER AND COOK 25 MINUTES.
ADD KIDNEY BEANS COOK AND STIR 5 MORE MINUTES.
SERVE OVER HOT RICE AND SPRINKLE WITH CHEESE.
Place potatoes in water, bring to boil.
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes.
Cut potatoes into quarters, ditto artichokes.
Add olives, onion, and parsley.
Combine vinegar and next six ingredients and stir well.
Pour over potato mixture and toss gently.
Serve warm or cover and chill.
8 servings.
Applesauce: Use tart apples for the applesauce, no sugar when cooking and very little water.
It should be as thick as possible (drain off water as it cooks).
Use a heavy pan so the applesauce will cook without sticking.
Soak the gelatin in  1/2 cup of the applesauce.
Bring the rest of the applesauce and the sugar to a boil.
After it is boiling, add the applesauce-gelatin mixture and bring back to a slow boil for 15 minutes, stirring almost constantly.
Add the walnuts, lemon extract and vanilla.
Pour into a buttered pan.
Let stand at least 24 hours, then cut into squares and roll in confectioners' sugar.
Store in refrigerator.
A 8-inch square pan, might make the candy too thick.
A 9 by 13-inch pan would probably make it too thin.
The mixture should be about  3/4-inch deep, so adjust the pan size.
Cotlets: Use 1 cup  apricot  jam and 1 cup applesauce, cutting sugar to 3 cups.
Or use canned unsweetened  apricots,  drained.
Mash well with a potato masher.
Use 2 cups mashed apricots and and follow recipe as written.
The thicker skinned, late Summer and Fall apples produce a grainier texture that's best for applesauce.
Stir applesauce, sugars, and cider together and cook in a slow oven (325 deg F.) for 3 hours, stirring occasionally.
Add spices.
Return to oven and cook 1 hour more.
Apple butter requires long, slow cooking.
(Can also be made in a crockpot.)
Combine all ingredients.
Simmer slowly until thick.
In an 8-inch nonstick skillet with sloping sides, melt butter over medium heat.
Add apple slices in one layer.
Cook for 2 minutes.
Sprinle with 1 tsp sugar and cinnamon to taste.
Cook until tender, 3 to 5 minutes longer.
In a small bowl, combine eggs, 1 tsp sugar and water.
Beat with a fork until eggs are just blended.
Pour over apples in skillet.
Stir with spatula to allow egg mixture to cover bottom of pan.
Use spatula to gently push cooked portions to the centre, tilting the skillet to allow the uncooked egg to flow into empty spaces.
When egg is almost set on surface, sprinkle cheese over half of omelette.
Slip spatula under unfilled side, fold over filling and slide onto serving plate.
Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar and serve immediately.
TIP:  Recipe may be doubled to make two servings.
If more that two servings are required, keep the first omelette warm and repeat the recipe.
Complete this meal with a green salad, whole wheat rolls and chocolate instant pudding prepared with milk.
Clean cast-iron skillet with soap and water.
To prevent rusting, place in a warm oven or on stove top over medium heat till water evaporates.
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet.
Remove from heat, and sprinkle with brown sugar and ginger.
Toss apple slices with lemon juice, and arrange over brown sugar mixture; set aside.
Beat 1/2 cup softened butter at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy; gradually add sugar, beating well.
Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing after each addition.
Combine flour and next 3 ingredients; add to butter mixture alternately with milk, beginning and ending with flour mixture.
Stir in vanilla.
Spoon evenly over apples.
Bake at 350° for 35 to 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.
Cool in skillet on a wire rack 5 minutes; invert onto serving plate.
Makes 1 (10-inch) cake.
Sift together flour, baking powder (1 Tbsp amount is correct), baking soda, salt sugar and cinnamon.
Beat sour milk and eggs in a small bowl.
Add apples, unpeeled and cut into small pieces and melted butter.
Add the sour milk mixture to the dry ingredients.
Stir well.
Cook as you would ordinary pancakes in greased cast iron fry pan.
Brown on both sides.
Serve plain or with butter and maple syrup.
Cream sugar & shortening together.
Add eggs and mix at low speed until blended.
Stir flour, nutmeg and cinnamon together and add to egg & sugar.
Mix.
Stir in apples & nuts.
Dissolve baking soda in hot water, then stir into batter.
Pour into greased & floured square baking dish.
Bake at 375 degrees until knife inserted at center comes out clean.
Approx baking time 35 - 45 minutes.